# Code Optimisation and Improvements
Below are the changes that was made to the program and system. The changes are split into two areas: general and specific. The general improvements include areas such as changing of variable names and the system prompt messages. It doesn't change the internal structure of the system, rather it is done to improve readability, making it maintainable, improving overall efficiency without altering the way it operates. The specific improvements includes fixes and additions to the program that will give it a different feel and the way it operates. 

## General Improvements
The general improvements included general class file commenting and the addition of Javadoc. This was done to help improved code legibility and to better understand the code, particularly during the debugging phase. Some system prompt messages were changed from what was originally had. They were changed to make it more understandable and make it more user-friendly. For example, originally when starting the cash register program, a message like below was displayed:
```java
Please enter cash register's float: 
```
To a common user, they wouldn't know what a float was therefore it was changed to:
```java
Please enter starting cash register balance:
```
Another change made was when the user was inputting the items in for transaction, the name wasn't displayed back to the user:
```java
Please enter the item's name: Coke
Please enter the item's cost: 10
 ```
This was changed to reflect that:
```java
Please enter the item's name: Coke
Please enter the Coke's cost: 10
 ```
Along with this, there were other system prompt changes made to improve the quality of life of the system.

Furthermore, in an effort to improve the readability of the program’s functioning code, it was decided that all ambiguous variable names were converted to become more comprehensible. 
An example of this was the variable: 
```java
String s = null;
```
As evident, the variable ‘s’ is not informative to the user, thus it was renamed to: 
```java
String primary_input = null;
```
Variables like these were renamed to become more relevant to their function and make the overall source code self-documenting. This minimises the need for testers, developers and users to refer to other sources for information in regards to understanding the code.

## Specific Improvements

### Guest Login Option for User Authentication
The user authentication class was improved with the implementation of a guest login option. This option allows for users of the cash register program to log in as a guest, thus allowing users to operate the program without the need to enter a username and password. While making use of the program, the program will treat the user as a guest and print guest on all reports and receipts. This has several advantages such as allowing software testers to bypass the authentication process to immediately test the program. It is also a quick way for users to demonstrate the program without making fraudulent purchases under an official cashier name. 

### Dynamic Receipt Names and Transaction Number
The receipt class was modified to include the implementation of dynamic receipt names. Previously, every time a receipt was requested, the program would overwrite the existing file. With this change, the receipt file name will have a unique name (The date and time that the receipt was printed). A transaction number was also included in the receipt file. This is purely for aesthetics reasons as many receipts would keep track of the transaction number. 

### Allow User to Enter Quantity of Items
The user will now be given the option to specific the quantity of the items that is being processed. This change was made so that it'll be more convenient for the user to process the item instead of having to repeatedly enter the same item again. The number of items desired is also reflected in the receipt output. 

### Export reports and receipts in a seperate folder
All the reports generated by the system are generated in reports folder and all receipts are generated in receipt folder. The program checks if the folder exist, if the folder does not exist then it will create the required folder. This will help to keep the main system folder clean from multiple reports and receipts generated by system. 
